benchmarks/distributed/rpc/parameter_server/README.md, before:

# RPC PS Benchmark

## How to add your experiment

1. Data
    - Create a data class and add it to the data directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your data class in the data_map
    - Add configurations to data_configurations.json in the configurations directory
2. Model
    - Create a model class and add it to the model directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your model class in the model_map
    - Add configurations to model_configurations.json in the configurations directory
3. Trainer
    - Create a trainer class and add it to the trainer directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your trainer class in the trainer_map
    - Add configurations to trainer_configurations.json in the configurations directory
4. Parameter Server
    - Create a parameter server class and add it to the parameter_servers directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your parameter_server class in the ps_map
    - Add configurations to parameter_server_configurations.json in the configurations directory
5. Script
    - Create a bash script for your experiment and add it to the bash_experiment_scripts directory

## Trainer class

The trainer directory contains base classes to provide a starting point for implementing a trainer.
Inherit from a base class and implement your trainer. The benchmark has two requirements for trainers.

1. It must implement a __init__ method that takes rank, trainer_count, and ps_rref as arguments

    ```python
    def __init__(self, rank, trainer_count, ps_rref, backend, use_cuda_rpc):
    ```

2. It must implement a train method that takes model and data as arguments.

    ```python
    def train(self, model, data):
    ```

## Parameter Server class

The parameter_server directory contains base classes to provide a starting point for implementing a parameter server.
Inherit from a base class and implement your parameter server. The benchmark has two requirements for parameter servers.

1. It must implement a __init__ method that takes rank and ps_trainer_count as arguments

    ```python
    def __init__(self, rank, ps_trainer_count, backend, use_cuda_rpc):
    ```

2. It must implement a reset_state method

    ```python
    def reset_state(ps_rref):
    ```

Commit message:

test experiment script
ghstack-source-id: 177f7f7fd6c30349ee7fc56771953477fe3193ef
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/57925

benchmarks/distributed/rpc/parameter_server/README.md, after:

# RPC PS Benchmark

## How to add your experiment

1. Data
    - Create a data class and add it to the data directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your data class in the data_map
    - Add configurations to data_configurations.json in the configurations directory
2. Model
    - Create a model class and add it to the model directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your model class in the model_map
    - Add configurations to model_configurations.json in the configurations directory
3. Trainer
    - Create a trainer class and add it to the trainer directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your trainer class in the trainer_map
    - Add configurations to trainer_configurations.json in the configurations directory
4. Parameter Server
    - Create a parameter server class and add it to the parameter_servers directory
    - Update benchmark_class_helper.py to include your parameter_server class in the ps_map
    - Add configurations to parameter_server_configurations.json in the configurations directory
5. Script
    - Create bash scripts for your experiment and add them to the experiment_scripts directory
6. Testing
    - Add a test method for your script to test_scripts.py

## Trainer class

The trainer directory contains base classes to provide a starting point for implementing a trainer.
Inherit from a base class and implement your trainer. The benchmark has two requirements for trainers.

1. It must implement a __init__ method that takes rank, trainer_count, and ps_rref as arguments

    ```python
    def __init__(self, rank, trainer_count, ps_rref, backend, use_cuda_rpc):
    ```

2. It must implement a train method that takes model and data as arguments.

    ```python
    def train(self, model, data):
    ```

## Parameter Server class

The parameter_server directory contains base classes to provide a starting point for implementing a parameter server.
Inherit from a base class and implement your parameter server. The benchmark has two requirements for parameter servers.

1. It must implement a __init__ method that takes rank and ps_trainer_count as arguments

    ```python
    def __init__(self, rank, ps_trainer_count, backend, use_cuda_rpc):
    ```

2. It must implement a reset_state method

    ```python
    def reset_state(ps_rref):
    ```
